1. As a user, I need to be able to perform CRUD operations on all my members in the database.
   1. Task: Create a user
      1. Need a data table in the database to store member information with demographic data such as:
         1. FirstName
         2. LastName
         3. Address
         4. Phone
         5. Email
      2. Need a GUI to collect user data
      3. Need to have a save button GUI
         1. When the save is clicked the data added on the screen by a user is sent to the database and stored creating a new record for that new member
      4. When data is stored correctly alert the user the save is completed.
   2. Task: Read a user from the database
      1. Write a method to be able to grab certain member's demographic information:
         1. FirstName
         2. LastName
         3. Address
         4. Phone
         5. Email
      2. Need a GUI to search for and select any specific user within the database
      3. Need a search box or icon
         1. When the search is clicked the database is called and the returned data is displayed on the GUI
      4. If no data is found an alert message tells the user
   3. Task: Edit a user’s information in the database
      1. Need edit button to edit member demographics
         1. When clicked, updated information on the GUI is sent to the database to update the existing record in the database
         2. When the update is complete alert the user that the data is updated.
   4. Task: Delete a user from the database
      1. Add a delete button to the GUI for member demographics
      2. When clicked provide a text box message to confirm the deletion
      3. If confirmed send a delete query to the database to delete the record 
      4. If successful, alert the user of the deletion being completed.
2. As an executive, I need this app to have a secure login
   1. Task: Secure login
      1. Validation token for each user name and password
      2. We need to ask the user to input their Username and password. 
         1. A special validation token could be designed for that login to allow the user to enter. 
3. As a manager, I need to be able to see the employees and all of their data points so I can better assess each employee.
   1. Task: Higher position access
      1. Allow a certain position to have different roles and access to parts within the app
         1. Manager can see their employees below them and see their dashboard
         2. Anyone higher than a manager can change an employee’s information including a manager
      2. Allow a manager to be able to have a dashboard of an employee and all of their data points
         1. Allow a manager to leave notes that employees cannot see but higher-ups can.
4. As a manager, I need to be able to document recent changes to employee skill development to log their changes
1. Task: Backlog of changes:
      1. Create a data table in the database to log changes made to employee data
      2. Create a GUI to display this data for managers and higher-ups